Add setInputFiles docs for browser module (#1528)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-experimental/browser/elementhandle/setinputfiles.md

---
title: 'setInputFiles(file[, options])'
description: 'Sets the file input element'
---

# setInputFiles(file[, options])

Sets the file input element's value to the specified files.

To work with local files on the file system, use the [experimental fs module](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/k6-experimental/fs/) to load and read the file contents.

| Parameter           | Type        | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------- | ----------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | file                | object      | `null`  | This is a mandatory parameter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| file                | object      | `null`  | This is a required parameter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | file.name           | string      | `''`    | The name of the file e.g. `file.txt`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| file.name           | string      | `''`    | The name of the file. For example, `file.txt`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | file.mimeType       | string      | `''`    | The type of the file content e.g. `text/plain`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| file.mimeType       | string      | `''`    | The type of the file content. For example, `text/plain`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

> | file.buffer         | ArrayBuffer | `[]`    | base64 encoded content of the file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| file.buffer         | ArrayBuffer | `[]`    | Base64 encoded content of the file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

### Example

{{< code >}}

```javascript
import { browser } from 'k6/experimental/browser';
import encoding from 'k6/encoding';

export const options = {
  scenarios: {
    browser: {
      executor: 'shared-iterations',
      options: {
        browser: {
          type: 'chromium',
        },
      },
    },
  },
};

export default async function () {
  const page = browser.newPage();

  // In this example we create a simple web page with an upload input field.
  page.setContent(`
    <html>
      <head></head>
      <body>
          <!-- Simple file upload form -->
          <form method="POST" action="/upload" enctype="multipart/form-data">
              <input type="file" id="upload" multiple />
              <input type="submit" value="Send" />
          </form>
      </body>
    </html>`);

  const eh = page.$('input[id="upload"]');

  // The file is set to the input element with the id "upload".

>   eh.setInputFiles({

Reviewer: Where would this file have to be for this example to work?

Author: The file is inline in the code i.e. it's all there in the object (`name`, `mimetype` and `buffer`). This new API doesn't work with the local filesystem at all. A user will need to work with the experimental FS module to do that.
